then Elijah Shem the high priest rose up
then Elijah Shem the high priest rose up with his brethren the priests and built
with his brethren the priests and built
with his brethren the priests and built the sheep gate they consecrated it and
the sheep gate they consecrated it and
the sheep gate they consecrated it and hung its doors
they built as far as the Tower of the
they built as far as the Tower of the hundred and consecrated it then as far
hundred and consecrated it then as far
hundred and consecrated it then as far as the Tower of panin Elk next to a liar
as the Tower of panin Elk next to a liar
as the Tower of panin Elk next to a liar ship the men of Jericho building and
ship the men of Jericho building and
ship the men of Jericho building and next to them
next to them
next to them Sakura the son of em right built also
Sakura the son of em right built also
Sakura the son of em right built also the sons of Hassan aya built the fish
the sons of Hassan aya built the fish
the sons of Hassan aya built the fish gate they laid its beams and hung its
gate they laid its beams and hung its
gate they laid its beams and hung its doors with its bolts and bars and next
doors with its bolts and bars and next
doors with its bolts and bars and next to them mera moth the son of Uriah the
to them mera moth the son of Uriah the
to them mera moth the son of Uriah the son of cars made repairs next to them
son of cars made repairs next to them
son of cars made repairs next to them Michelin the son of berechiah the son of
Michelin the son of berechiah the son of
Michelin the son of berechiah the son of machete bell made repairs next to them
machete bell made repairs next to them
machete bell made repairs next to them Zadok the son of baiana made repairs
Zadok the son of baiana made repairs
Zadok the son of baiana made repairs next to them the two coeds made repairs
next to them the two coeds made repairs
next to them the two coeds made repairs but their nobles did not put their
but their nobles did not put their
but their nobles did not put their shoulders to the work of their Lord
shoulders to the work of their Lord
shoulders to the work of their Lord moreover jehoiada the son of Hussein and
moreover jehoiada the son of Hussein and
moreover jehoiada the son of Hussein and Michelin the son of Dissidia repaired
Michelin the son of Dissidia repaired
Michelin the son of Dissidia repaired the old gate they laid its beams and
the old gate they laid its beams and
the old gate they laid its beams and hung its doors with its bolts and bars
hung its doors with its bolts and bars
hung its doors with its bolts and bars and next to them melet aya the
and next to them melet aya the
and next to them melet aya the Gibeonites jayden de Marana fight the
Gibeonites jayden de Marana fight the
Gibeonites jayden de Marana fight the men of Gibeon and mitzvah prepare the
men of Gibeon and mitzvah prepare the
men of Gibeon and mitzvah prepare the residence of the governor of the region
residence of the governor of the region
residence of the governor of the region beyond the river next to him Accio the
beyond the river next to him Accio the
beyond the river next to him Accio the son of our hire one of the Goldsmith's
son of our hire one of the Goldsmith's
son of our hire one of the Goldsmith's made repairs also next to him Hananiah
made repairs also next to him Hananiah
made repairs also next to him Hananiah one of the perfumers made repairs and
one of the perfumers made repairs and
one of the perfumers made repairs and they fortified Jerusalem as far as the
they fortified Jerusalem as far as the
they fortified Jerusalem as far as the broad wall and next to them referred the
broad wall and next to them referred the
broad wall and next to them referred the son of her leader of half the district
son of her leader of half the district
son of her leader of half the district of Jerusalem made repairs next to them
of Jerusalem made repairs next to them
of Jerusalem made repairs next to them Judea the son of Haruma made repairs in
Judea the son of Haruma made repairs in
Judea the son of Haruma made repairs in front of his house and next to him a
front of his house and next to him a
front of his house and next to him a Jewish the son of hashim Maya made
Jewish the son of hashim Maya made
Jewish the son of hashim Maya made repairs
repairs
repairs Malka the son of hey room and hey shoved
Malka the son of hey room and hey shoved
Malka the son of hey room and hey shoved the son of pay half mob prepared another
the son of pay half mob prepared another
the son of pay half mob prepared another section as well as the Tower of the
section as well as the Tower of the
section as well as the Tower of the ovens and next to him was Shalom the son
ovens and next to him was Shalom the son
ovens and next to him was Shalom the son of hallo hish leader of half the
of hallo hish leader of half the
of hallo hish leader of half the district of Jerusalem he and his
district of Jerusalem he and his
district of Jerusalem he and his daughters made repairs hainan and the
daughters made repairs hainan and the
daughters made repairs hainan and the inhabitants of Genoa repaired the valley
inhabitants of Genoa repaired the valley
inhabitants of Genoa repaired the valley gate they built it hung its doors with
gate they built it hung its doors with
gate they built it hung its doors with its bolts and bars and repaired a
its bolts and bars and repaired a
its bolts and bars and repaired a thousand cubits of the walls far as the
thousand cubits of the walls far as the
thousand cubits of the walls far as the ref you skate malkia the son of recap
ref you skate malkia the son of recap
ref you skate malkia the son of recap leader of the district of beth hecarim
leader of the district of beth hecarim
leader of the district of beth hecarim repaired the refuse gate he built it and
repaired the refuse gate he built it and
repaired the refuse gate he built it and hung its doors with its bolts and bars
hung its doors with its bolts and bars
hung its doors with its bolts and bars shaolin the son of kal jose leader of
shaolin the son of kal jose leader of
shaolin the son of kal jose leader of the district of Misbah repaired the
the district of Misbah repaired the
the district of Misbah repaired the fountain gate he built it covered it
fountain gate he built it covered it
fountain gate he built it covered it hung its doors with its bolts and bars
hung its doors with its bolts and bars
hung its doors with its bolts and bars and repaired the wall of the pool of
and repaired the wall of the pool of
and repaired the wall of the pool of Shilla by the king's garden as far as
Shilla by the king's garden as far as
Shilla by the king's garden as far as the stairs that go down from the city of
the stairs that go down from the city of
the stairs that go down from the city of David after him Nehemiah the son of
David after him Nehemiah the son of
David after him Nehemiah the son of Hezbollah leader of half the district of
Hezbollah leader of half the district of
Hezbollah leader of half the district of Beth serve made repairs as far as the
Beth serve made repairs as far as the
Beth serve made repairs as far as the palace in front of the tombs of David to
palace in front of the tombs of David to
palace in front of the tombs of David to the man-made pool and as far as the
the man-made pool and as far as the
the man-made pool and as far as the house of the michael after him the
house of the michael after him the
house of the michael after him the Levites
Levites
Levites under Rehan the son of Bay nine made
under Rehan the son of Bay nine made
under Rehan the son of Bay nine made repairs next to him Pasha bhaiyya leader
repairs next to him Pasha bhaiyya leader
repairs next to him Pasha bhaiyya leader of half the district of Kerala made
of half the district of Kerala made
of half the district of Kerala made repairs for his district after him their
repairs for his district after him their
repairs for his district after him their brethren under bay by the son of enna
brethren under bay by the son of enna
brethren under bay by the son of enna dad leader of the other half of the
dad leader of the other half of the
dad leader of the other half of the district of Kela made repairs and next
district of Kela made repairs and next
district of Kela made repairs and next to him either the son of Joshua the
to him either the son of Joshua the
to him either the son of Joshua the leader of Misbah repaired another
leader of Misbah repaired another
leader of Misbah repaired another section in front of the ascent to the
section in front of the ascent to the
section in front of the ascent to the armoury at the buttress after him Bey
armoury at the buttress after him Bey
armoury at the buttress after him Bey rope the son of Z by carefully repaired
rope the son of Z by carefully repaired
rope the son of Z by carefully repaired the other section from the buttress to
the other section from the buttress to
the other section from the buttress to the door of the house of elijah the high
the door of the house of elijah the high
the door of the house of elijah the high priest after him Maremma the son of
priest after him Maremma the son of
priest after him Maremma the son of Uriah the son of caused repaired another
Uriah the son of caused repaired another
Uriah the son of caused repaired another section from the door of the house of a
section from the door of the house of a
section from the door of the house of a lion through the end of the house of
lion through the end of the house of
lion through the end of the house of elijah
elijah
elijah and after him the priests the men of the
and after him the priests the men of the
and after him the priests the men of the plane made repairs after him Benjamin
plane made repairs after him Benjamin
plane made repairs after him Benjamin and Hashem made repairs opposite their
and Hashem made repairs opposite their
and Hashem made repairs opposite their house after them Azariah the son of may
house after them Azariah the son of may
house after them Azariah the son of may Ashiya the son of an Ania made repairs
Ashiya the son of an Ania made repairs
Ashiya the son of an Ania made repairs by his house after him VIN you I the son
by his house after him VIN you I the son
by his house after him VIN you I the son of henna dad repaired another section
of henna dad repaired another section
of henna dad repaired another section from the house of Azariah to the
from the house of Azariah to the
from the house of Azariah to the buttress even as far as the corner pelo
buttress even as far as the corner pelo
buttress even as far as the corner pelo the son of yous I made repairs opposite
the son of yous I made repairs opposite
the son of yous I made repairs opposite the buttress and on the tower which
the buttress and on the tower which
the buttress and on the tower which projects from the Kings upper house that
projects from the Kings upper house that
projects from the Kings upper house that was by the court of the prison after him
was by the court of the prison after him
was by the court of the prison after him padilla the son of pay rosh made repairs
padilla the son of pay rosh made repairs
padilla the son of pay rosh made repairs moreover the Nephilim who dwelt in ofl
moreover the Nephilim who dwelt in ofl
moreover the Nephilim who dwelt in ofl made repairs as far as the place in
made repairs as far as the place in
made repairs as far as the place in front of the water gate toward the east
front of the water gate toward the east
front of the water gate toward the east and on the projecting tower after them
and on the projecting tower after them
and on the projecting tower after them the two coeds repaired another section
the two coeds repaired another section
the two coeds repaired another section next to the great projecting tower and
next to the great projecting tower and
next to the great projecting tower and as far as the wall of Po fell beyond the
as far as the wall of Po fell beyond the
as far as the wall of Po fell beyond the horse gate the priests made repairs each
horse gate the priests made repairs each
horse gate the priests made repairs each in front of his own house after them
in front of his own house after them
in front of his own house after them Zadok the son of Emmer made repairs in
Zadok the son of Emmer made repairs in
Zadok the son of Emmer made repairs in front of his own house after him shamea
front of his own house after him shamea
front of his own house after him shamea the son of shek Anaya
the son of shek Anaya
the son of shek Anaya the keeper of the east gate made repairs
the keeper of the east gate made repairs
the keeper of the east gate made repairs after him Hananiah the son of shale
after him Hananiah the son of shale
after him Hananiah the son of shale Amaya and haina the sixth son of gsella
Amaya and haina the sixth son of gsella
Amaya and haina the sixth son of gsella prepared another section after him
prepared another section after him
prepared another section after him Michelle um the son of berechiah made
Michelle um the son of berechiah made
Michelle um the son of berechiah made repairs in front of his dwelling after
repairs in front of his dwelling after
repairs in front of his dwelling after him Malka one of the Goldsmith's made
him Malka one of the Goldsmith's made
him Malka one of the Goldsmith's made repairs as far as the house of the
repairs as far as the house of the
repairs as far as the house of the Nephilim and of the merchants in front
Nephilim and of the merchants in front
Nephilim and of the merchants in front of the myth cad gate and as far as the
of the myth cad gate and as far as the
of the myth cad gate and as far as the upper room at the corner and between the
upper room at the corner and between the
upper room at the corner and between the upper room at the corner as far as the
upper room at the corner as far as the
upper room at the corner as far as the sheep gate the Goldsmith's and the
sheep gate the Goldsmith's and the
sheep gate the Goldsmith's and the merchants made repairs